tags:: [[#reading]], [[d3.js]]
date:: [[2024-07-23]]
publisher:: Manning
title:: @D3.js in Action, Third Edition
item-type:: [[book]]
original-title:: "D3.js in Action, Third Edition"
language:: English
authors:: [[Elijah Meeks]]
library-catalog:: Amazon
links:: [Local library](zotero://select/library/items/VHTGXJRT), [Web library](https://www.zotero.org/users/5382/items/VHTGXJRT)
num-pages:: 1168

- [[Abstract]]
	- Create stunning web-based data visualizations with D3.js.This totally-revised new edition of D3.js in Action guides you from simple charts to powerful interactive graphics. Chapter-by-chapter you’ll assemble an impressive portfolio of visualizations—including intricate networks, maps, and even a complete customized visualization layout. Plus, you'll learn best practices for building interactive graphics, animations, and integrating your work into frontend development frameworks like React and Svelte.  In D3.js in Action, Third Edition you will learn how to:  Set up a local development environment for D3Include D3 in web development projects, including Node-based web appsSelect and append DOM elementsSize and position elements on screenAssemble components and layouts into creative data visualizations D3.js in Action, Third Edition has been extensively revised for D3.js version 7, and modern best practices for web visualizations. Its brand new chapters dive into interactive visualizations, cover responsiveness for dataviz, and show you how you can improve accessibility.  Foreword by Andy Kirk.  About the technology  With D3.js, you can create sophisticated infographics, charts, and interactive data visualizations using standard frontend tools like JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. Granting D3 its VIS Test of Time award, the IEEE credited this powerful library for bringing data visualization to the mainstream. You’ll be blown away by how beautiful your results can be!  About the book  D3.js in Action, Third Edition is a roadmap for creating brilliant and beautiful visualizations with D3.js. Like a gentle mentor, it guides you from basic charts all the way to advanced interactive visualizations like networks and maps. You’ll learn to build graphics, create animations, and set up mobile-friendly responsiveness. Each chapter contains a complete data visualization project to put your new skills into action.  What's inside  Fully revised for D3.js v7Includes 12 complete projectsCreate data visualizations with SVG and canvasCombine D3 with React, Svelte, and Angular About the reader  For web developers with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript skills.  About the author  Elijah Meeks was a data visualization pioneer at Stanford and the first Senior Data Visualization Engineer at Netflix. Anne-Marie Dufour is a Data Visualization Engineer.  The technical editor on this book was Jon Borgman.  Table of Contents PART 1 1 An introduction to D3.js 2 Manipulating the DOM 3 Working with data 4 Drawing lines, curves, and arcs 5 Pie and stack layouts 6 Visualizing distributions PART 2 7 Interactive visualizations 8 Integrating D3 in a frontend framework 9 Responsive visualizations 10 Accessible visualizations PART 3 11 Hierarchical visualizations 12 Network visualizations 13 Geospatial information visualizations PART 4 14 Creating a custom visualization 15 Rendering visualizations with Canvas Appendix A Appendix B Appendix C Appendix D Appendix E
- [[Attachments]]
	- [PDF](zotero://select/library/items/FGBNWKIT) {{zotero-imported-file FGBNWKIT, "Meeks and Dufour - D3.js in Action, Third Edition.pdf"}}